Fix "Create Form Builder Form attribute" (#2402)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/content_management/forms/create_form_attribute.md

You should be able to see the new section in the list of available fields:

> ![New form attribute](checkbox_with_richtext_description-item.png)

Author: ```suggestion
![New form field](checkbox_with_richtext_description-item.png)
```

> When the attribute settings are edited, the "Description" field is a richtext textarea.

Author: ```suggestion
The field settings have a richtext "Description" attribute.
```
or
```suggestion
The field settings' "Description" attribute is richtext.
```

Author: ```suggestion
When editing settings, the "Description" attribute has the Rich Text input.
```

> When the attribute settings are edited, the "Description" field is a richtext textarea.

Reviewer: When editing settings, the "Description" attribute has the Rich Text input.

Author: Done in f8fea01e3584f34c2d0b467d3b343af929c308f5

> ![Attribute settings](checkbox_with_richtext_description-edit.png)

Author: ```suggestion
![Field settings](checkbox_with_richtext_description-edit.png)
```

> The richtext toolbar appears when "Description" field is focused.

Author: ```suggestion
The richtext toolbar appears when "Description" attribute is focused.
```

> The richtext toolbar appears when "Description" field is focused.

Author: It doesn't appear on hover. You need to click into the field to get the text cursor and the richtext toolbar.

> The richtext toolbar appears when "Description" field is focused.

Author: @julitafalcondusza What about the following?:
```suggestion
When you enter the "Description" field, the Rich Text toolbar appears.
```

> ![Richtext toolbar](checkbox_with_richtext_description-focus.png)

Author: If I change Richtext to Rich Text, I should do it every where in the page.

> ![Richtext toolbar](checkbox_with_richtext_description-focus.png)

Author: We may have a consistency issue
![2024-06-19_13-22-01](https://github.com/ibexa/documentation-developer/assets/61695653/2ad71a91-9c38-4a3e-a02c-13b20ffa81fa)

> The preview show the checkbox, its label, and its formatted richtext.

Author: ```suggestion
The preview displays the formatted text along with the checkbox and its label.
```

> ![Attribute preview](checkbox_with_richtext_description-preview.png)

Author: ```suggestion
![Field preview](checkbox_with_richtext_description-preview.png)
```
